RULES OF THE TOURNAMENT
by the Gladiator Tournament Group

Objective of the tournament: The objective is to score the maximum points possible in the tournament scenarios without cheating. In the event of a tie, the following list will be used to settle ties:
   1)a tie breaker scenario. In this scenario you will be pitted against a team that is a computer duplicate of your own characters with the same amount of experience as each character has. You will not be allowed to hire extra characters for the tie-breaker scenario.
   2)the team with no clerics
   3)the team with no ghosts 
   4)the team with no faeries 
   5)the team with no elves 
   6)the team with no mages 
   7)the team with no skeletons

Scenario information: There will be 20 scenarios in this tournament.  Players will be given 1 week to complete 5 scenarios. Every time a player has completed 5 scenarios, he/she must send the saved game to every judge for evaluation and must wait a day after the stats of all       players are posted before going onward.

Cheating, Part 1: After all of the players have completed each set of 5 scenarios, the stats for each team will be posted.  If any person feels one player has cheated to achieve certain stats, then that player may challenge another person's score.  Once a challenge is issued, the tournament is temporarily stopped until the judges can make a ruling about the accused cheater.

Cheating, Part 2:What constitutes cheating? Using cheat codes to help go through the tournament, playing through scenarios not in the tournament set, tampering with the saved game file, breaking any tournament rules, and anything else that is used to enhance a player's              score besides playing through tournament scenarios.  Anyone caught cheating will immediately be expelled from the tournament.

Judges: There will be a minimium of 3 judges.  Each judge will receive the saved games and use information in the saved game to post stats for players in the gladiator group.  In addition, if anyone challenges another person's score, the judges will work through the scenarios to               determine whether or not cheating occured. If the judges determine cheating has occured, they do have the power to expell someone from the tournament.

Extra Rule 1: No hiring any new characters after completing the 5th scenario unless a character dies.  In such a case, the player may only hire the number of characters that have died and the characters that are bought must be of the same character type that died.

Extra Rule 2: Each team must be composed of a minimium of 4 characters.

Extra Rule 3:Each team may possess no more than 20 characters.